feat!: rebalance colors, adhere to style guide & overhaul docs (#372)
catppuccin/tmux: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

## Design

> Check out the "[Design Philosphy](./docs/explanation/design.md)" to ensure
> your changes are consistent.

Reviewer: Almost feels like we're missing the last half of the sentence here but maybe just me? 
Personally, I'd reword it to always have the link be "last":

```suggestion
To understand our mindset in developing this plugin and how to ensure your changes align with that mindset, check out the "[Design Philosophy(./docs/explanation/design.md)."
```

What do you think?

(I'd personally appreciate it if the documentation generally followed that as it's also the same as GitHub's documentation style.)
